estimated today from this moment with four simple steps and
rapid
but we will be on the way how to proceed to register
undergraduate via web
step 1
sign up and check in enter triple-double see point one of points
click on queries in the left cavalry menu
complete the data that is requested
remember to have your meat on hand and your email account active
false 2
The initial act rests before your registration date for the following
media
in the banking institutions and depositing the proof of payment the
information coordinations up to one day before registration
with debit or credit card directly in the coordinations
information reminds that the cardholder must be present.
credit
You can also cancel through double triples from the point I see the internet
With
with 'triple double' presented a budget that payment period
and although electronic
step 3
built planned your schedule crossed triples double b pointed city
pointed out that if the constructor quadruples the double of best buy tour of
score in uk that yes
past planner 4
enter triple-double pepunto urbe point at which institutions are damaged according to
the turn that corresponds to you according to your schedule and follow the steps that
indicate below
read the instructions for a perfect inscription
click on instimed p here write your ID number and passwords of the
queries selects the career chosen by the subject according to the
scheduling schedule defines the shift where he will take the course
according to your schedule determines the section where you want to study the subject
click on register
every time you add a tablecloth will continue to create your schedule of classes
Repeat the steps with each subject
After registering all your materials, print the process form
registration by clicking on the vote print
when you finish and print sequence succession by clicking on the button
exit located in the upper right
will complete your registration process when you withdraw your tax bill in the
information coordination of the university
tempe feels that after clicking on register the subject and section will be
you will write automatically after selecting the ones you will not be able to withdraw it
make sure you make your choice correctly
remember there will be no modifications you will only be able to add it will be closer to
ceafa inspection process add a subject
You must go to the university the same day of your decision
in the schedule between two in the afternoon and 7 at night
also been good
of finished the registration process in spite of closing to print your form
You can do it from the query
the same day of the expression from 13:30 in the afternoon remember only
You will be able to carry out this registration process via the web
from your home to your office or any other place with internet access
we do it with your comfort in mind
start of classes
August 30, 2010